Fix a command in the Nutanix PCG deployment guide (#2283)
spectrocloud/librarium: docs/docs-content/clusters/data-center/nutanix/install-pcg/deploy-kubernetes-cluster-pcg.md

4.  Instantiate Nutanix Cluster API.

    :::info

>     To prevent conflicts with the recent Nutanix CAPI provider updates, you need to install this exact version of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To prevent conflicts with the recent Nutanix CAPI provider updates, you need to instantiate Cluster API with this exact version of the
```
